案件URL: https://charleyproject.org/case/arlene-day-abbas
案件ID: arlene-day-abbas
页面标题: Arlene Day Abbas &#8211; The Charley Project

真实抓取的网页内容:
Case Searches Advanced Search Alphabetical Cases Chronological Cases Geographical Cases Case Updates Updates Updates Archives Resolved Information About Meaghan Blog Contact Meaghan Credits FAQ Site History Resources State and Local Missing Persons Records Facebook Pages for Missing Persons Legal Criteria Corpus Delicti Copyright Information Terms Switch to Light Theme Switch to Dark Theme Skip to content The Charley Project Generic selectors Exact matches only Search in title Search in content Post Type Selectors case Advanced Search MENU Arlene Day Abbas Abbas, circa 1989 Missing Since 01/06/1989 Missing From Brooklyn, New York Classification Endangered Missing Sex Female Race White Date of Birth 10/12/1952 (73) Age 36 years old Height and Weight 5'0, 160 pounds Clothing/Jewelry Description Possibily traditional Muslim clothing. Medical Conditions Abbas suffers from schizophrenia. Distinguishing Characteristics White female. Blonde hair, blue eyes. Abbas's maiden name is Day. Details of Disappearance Abbas was hospitalized for schizophrenia in New York City in the fall of 1988, then released to a halfway house in the borough of Brooklyn. She left the halfway house on January 6, 1989 and has never been heard from again. Her family believes she may be institutionalized or doesn't know how to get in touch with her loved ones. Abbas was born in Indiana. As an adult, she moved to New Orleans, Louisiana with her husband and three young children. She converted to Islam during her marriage. She and her husband divorced in the mid-1980s and she moved to New York, leaving her children with him. Her case remains unsolved. Investigating Agency New York Police Department 646-610-5030 Source Information NamUs Updated 1 time since October 12, 2004. Last updated December 29, 2009; casefile added. Case Searches Advanced Search Alphabetical Cases Chronological Cases Geographical Cases Case Updates Updates Updates Archives Resolved Information About Meaghan Blog Contact Meaghan Credits FAQ Site History Resources State and Local Missing Persons Records Facebook Pages for Missing Persons Legal Criteria Corpus Delicti Copyright Information Terms The Charley Project Donations are accepted but not expected; the site remains free-access to all. The Charley Project is NOT a registered non-profit organization and any donations will NOT be tax-deductible. Help support the Charley Project! For regular users, a 0 voluntary subscription fee is requested. You can contribute using Patreon , PayPal , CashApp , or Venmo . Read more here .

抓取方式: 直接HTTP抓取
抓取时间: 2026-01-07T12:51:17.589Z